Step 1: Plan the Portfolio Page
Before coding, students will plan the structure of their portfolio page. The page
should include:
1. A Header: Contains the name and a brief tagline.
2. An "About Me" Section: Includes a paragraph about themselves.
3. A Skills Table: Displays a list of skills or tools with proficiency levels in a table
format.
4. A Contact Form: Allows visitors to send a message, including fields for the
visitor's name, email, and message.


HEADER    
    Medina Softic 
    
ARTICLE
    SECTION 1:
    About Me
    add linkden page https://www.linkedin.com/in/medina-softic-363015200/
    I have been in the costumer service industry for 11+ years and the health field for the last 7 years. 
    With a diverse background in customer service, office administration, and technical support, I offer a 
    versatile skill set ideal for a wide range of roles. My expertise includes technical support, and exceptional 
    communication skills, all of which have been developed through hands-on experience. I bring a strong foundation 
    in office management, receptionist duties, and sales, with a proven track record of delivering excellent customer 
    service and fostering positive client relationships. Additionally, I have demonstrated my ability to solve complex 
    issues and collaborate effectively with teams. Committed to efficiency and excellence, I am eager to contribute my 
    skills to grow with the company. I hope to grow more in the technical field and become a great programmer with 
    knowable information of Front and Back end.I have been in the costumer service industry for 9+ years and the health field for the last 7 years. With a diverse background in customer service, office administration, and technical support, I offer a versatile skill set ideal for a wide range of roles. My expertise includes technical support, and exceptional communication skills, all of which have been developed through hands-on experience. I bring a strong foundation in office management, receptionist duties, and sales, with a proven track record of delivering excellent customer service and fostering positive client relationships. Additionally, I have demonstrated my ability to solve complex issues and collaborate effectively with teams. Committed to efficiency and excellence, I am eager to contribute my skills to grow with the company. I hope to grow more in the technical field and become a great programmer with knowable information of Front and Back end.


    SECTION 2:
    Table 

    My skills include;
    Git, Github, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Unit Testing
    Level 1-10;
    8, 8, 8, 5, 7, 5
    
    Table
    SECTION 3:
    If you would like to contact me please use the form below!
    form 
        First NAME, 
        Last NAME, 
        email 
        comments
        submit
    form 

IMAGES
image of the family 